Forget what l just said
Viktor has already asked me to go to
the ball with him!
...and I answered yes.
Bloody Hell
Look
Tomorrow we get back to the common room
Hi
-Hi
And.walk 7 stairs and you'll
reach the top
Okay Thanks
Cho
-Yes?
l was just wondering if you would go
to the ball with me?
Sorry.l didn't catch that
l was just wondering if you would
go to the ball with me
Oh..l'm sorry.Harry
but someone already asked me
Well.l've said...l'll go with him
OK...yeah.great....
Fine. no problem
Harry!
l really am ....sorry
lt's alright.it doesn't matter
What happened to you?
He asked her to go the ball with him
What?
-What did she say?
No.of course
She said yes?
-Don't be silly!
She was walking by....
You know l like the way she walks
Could't help it
Actually.she screamed
lt was a quite frightening
What did you do then ?
What else?l ran
Hi.Harry
Hey!
Bloody Hell
What are those?/-My dress robe
They're not right
No lace.no collar
Well.l think they're traditional
Traditional?They're ancient!
Hello boys
You look dashing
Oh.there you are.Potter
You must get ready already
-What?
To dance !
its traditionnal that the three champions
four in this case. are the first to dance.
Oh ! There you are
She looks beautiful!
-Yeah.she does
Is that Hermione Granger ?
with Viktor Krum !
No...
Harry.take my waist
-What?
Your hand on
Are you ready ?!!!
Quite a pumpkin head.isn't he?
l think he's like a book
out of the library
Hot.isn't it?
Viktor and i are going there
Care to join us?
We don't care to join you and Viktor
What's got into you?
He's a Drumstang
You fraternize with the enemy
The enemy ?
Who was it who wanted his autograph?
Besides.the whole point of the Tournament..
lts international
magical cooperation
To make friends
l think he's gotten more than friends
if you ask me
Are you going to ask me
to dance or not?
Not
He's using you
-How dare you!
l can take care of myself
He's not suitable for you
He's way too old
What?
ls that what you think?
-That's what l think
Next time.ask me before somebody else does!
l'm not your last resort!
You're completely off the point
Where have you been?
You spoiled everything!
Let me see it again
Oh yes.the time is close now
Harry.applause
Step aside so l can give our guest
a proper greeting
You alright.Harry?
Harry.you should have told ne
weeks ago
The task is only two days from now!
Really.l have no idea
l was supposed to figure it out
Viktor didn't want to talk
about the Tournament
Actually.we didn't talk at all
Mostly.he wanted me studying
lt's a bit annoying.actually
What's that supposed to mean?
lt just means he tossed this one
to test you
ln a brutal way that's almost cruel
And....l'm scared for you
Luckily you got off last time
Harry Potter
-Cedric
How..how are you?
Spectacular
Look.l realize l never thank you properly
for the help on the dragons
Forget about it.l'm sure you
would have done the same for me
Exactly
You know the prefect's bathroom
on the 5th floor?
lt's not a bad place
for a bath
Take your egg and mull things over
in the hot water
l will spend 1 night
l'll try putting it in the water
if l were you
Myrtle!
Hi Harry
Long time no see
Not being a bad boy.are you.Harry?
Myrtle.did you say try to
put it in the water?
That's what he did
The other boy
The handsome one
He said you're weak
Myrtle are there Merpeople
in the lake ?
Very good
Harry.tell me again
Some secrets where our voices sound
Black Lake.thats' obvious
An hour long you have to look
Again obvious.though
potentially problematic
Potentially problematic?
Look.Harry.we can do this.
The 3 of us can figure this out
You need to break up this quarrel session
Prof.Lavador would like to see you
in her office
But sir.the 2nd task is only hours away..
Exactly
He had better had a good night sleep
Now!
Longbottom
Why don't you see Potter and
his books back
You know.you are better off
with ghostshop's Guide to herbology
He's a wizard in Nepal...
No offence.but l don't really
care about plants
Tibetan turnip can breathe
under the water..
Don't be so mean!
Are you sure about this?
-Absolutely
For an hour?/-Most likely
You're telling me this now?
You must be joking!
l just...wanted to help
l bet you're right about
Ron and Hermione
Where are they anyway?
Welcome to the 2nd task
Last night.something was stolen
from each of the champion
A treasure of sort
These treasures now lie
at the bottom of Black lake
ln order to proceed.each champion
must retrieve his own treasure
They are given one hour to do so
You may begin at the sound of the canon
Oh my god
l must let my friend loose!
Only one
Allez ! C'est fini. viens. donne ta main
You saved my daughter!
And you.you helped?
-A bit
Harry!Are you alright?
You are freezing!
l finished last.Hermione
Next to last
Attention!
The winner is Mister Diggory !
Our senior Mr.Potter would have
finished first..
He not only rescued Mr.Weasley
but also another girl
We have decided to reward him
with the 2nd place
Congratulations.Potter
lt's quite an ahievement
Thank you
-Well done.boy
l'm sure your parents will be
very proud of you
What did you say?
What did you say to me?
Excuse me.gentlemen.l think
this conversation in no longer necessary
Hey Harry.l'm happy to see you again
l can come back later.sir
Oh.not necessary.Harry
The minister and l have finished talking
l'll be back in a moment
Minister.after you
Oh Harry.do feel free to indulge
in the snacks in my absence
But l must warn you
they're a little bit sharp
Professor?
Professor!
Igor Karkaroff. you have..
Do you understand these terms?
-l do
Evan Grosier
Mr.Grosier is dead
there was rookwood..he was a spy
She passed information to people
inside the ministry itself
Very well
...in the meantime
you will be returned to Azkaban
No!Please.l have more!
Severus Snape !
lt's a lie!
Silence!
Unles the witness possess a
genuine name or consequence..
This session is now concluded
Oh.no no no no no.pray
l have 1 more
Tha name....
-Yes?
l know for certain that this person
took part in the capture..
And tortured Frank Longbottom and his wife!
Name.we need a legit name!
Murphy Crouch
Hello father !
You are no son of mine
Sir.Mr Crouch's son
What exactly happened to him?
He was sent to Azkaban
But he had no choice
The evidence is overwhelming
Why do you ask?
lt's just that l had dreamed about him
lt was in the summer
Before school
ln the dream
l was in a house
And Voldemort was there
He wasn't quite human
Wormtail was there too
Has there been other same dreams?
Yes.they are all the same one
Sir.these dreams that l've seen..
You don't think it actually happened
do you?
l think it's unwise for you to linger
on these dreams.Harry
l think it's best if you simple
forget them
Cast them away
Potter!
Why are you in such a hurry?
Congratulations.your performance
in Black Lake was inspiring
Yes sir
lngenious
lt's not something found everyday
Nor is this
Know what it is?
Verity syrup
3 drops of this and anybody
will spill his darkest secrets
Should you ever steal from my store again..
My hand might just slip
a little of this pumpkin juice....
l haven't stolen anything!
Believe me.l'm going to find out why!
Silence!
As Mr.Diggory....
And Mr.Potter....
Are in 1st and 2nd positions..
They will be the first to enter the maze
Followed by Mr.Krum...
And Miss Delacour
The 1st person to touch the cup
will be the winner!
At any moment a contestant
wishes to leave the contest..
He or she can send red spots
with his wand
Contestants.gather around
On the sound of the canon....
Fleur ?!
Get down!
No.stop!
Harry !
Harry
Reducto !
Thanks
For a moment.l thought
you are going to let me win
Some game.huh?
Go!
l want you to take it!
You saved me!take it!
Together!
You OK?
-Yeah.and you?
Where are we?
l've been here before
lt's Pockick
ln my dream
Cedric.we have to get back the cup!
Now!
What are you talking about?
Get back the cup!
Who are you?What do you want?
Avada Kedavra !
Quick.now!
Father..unwillingly..given
Flesh...servant...willingly...sacrifice
The Dark Lord shall rise
Again
My wand. wormtail.
hold up your hand...
Thank you.Master
The other arm.wormtail
Welcome.my friend
30 years it has been..
And yet.here you stand before me
As if it were only yesterday
l confess myself disappointed
Not 1 of you tried to find me
Not even you.Lucius
This.l have been obliged to present this
in your absence
That.is my true mask
l return out of fear
not loyalty
Still.you have proved yourself useful
these past few months
Thank you.Master
Thank you
Oh.such a handsome boy
-Don't touch him!
Harry
Oh.l've almost forgotten
that you're here
Standing on the grave of my father.
You're almost as famous as me these days
Shall l reveal what really happened
that night 30 years ago?
Shall l divulge how l truly
lost my power?
You see.when Lily Potter
gave her life to save her only son..
She provided the ultimate protection
l did not touch it
lt was old magic
something l should have foreseen
But no matter.no matter
Things have changed
l can touch you now
lt's astonishing what a few drops
of your blood will do
Take it up.harry Potter!
l said take it up
Get it up.get it up!
First of all.we'll bark at each other
l said.bark!
That's better
And now....
Atta boy.harry
Your parents will be proud
Especiallt your filthy old mother
l'm going to kill you.Harry Potter
l'm going to destroy you
After tonight.no one will ever
question again my power
After tonight.if they speak of you..
They'll only speak of how
you begged for death
Get up !
Look at me when l kill you!
l want to see the scream in your eyes!
Have it your way
Son.when the connection is broken
you must get to the popkick
We can help you a moment
but only a moment..
Do you understand?
Harry.take my body back.will you?
Take my body back to my father
Sweetheart.you're ready
Let go of me!
No!
What's happened?
He's back.he's back!
Voldemort is back!
Cedric.he asked me to bring his body back
l cannot leave him
Don't worry.Harry
He's home
A boy has just been killed
Let me through!
That's my son!
lt's my boy!
My boy!
lt's alright.l got you.l got you
Are you alright.Potter?
Does it hurt.that?
Perhaps l'd better take a look at it
The cup was a popkick !
What was it like?
How is he like?
-Who?
The Dark Lord
What was it like?His presence
lt was like something tearing
my veins
The runners..the graveyard
and the runners!
l haven't told him 1st myself
You knew this from the beginning
You want it because i made
it so perfect
You're on the graveyard tonite
because it was meant to be so
l'm now just do the stunt
You must be honorable with me
l do this once and for all
Silence. great. Harry Potter
Alastor Moddy
-Are you Alastor Moody. are you?
ls he in this room?
You were right. Alastor
No one has ever seen this
Barty Crouch Junior
l'm sure your mind's disturbing yours
You know what this means?
He has back
l'll be welcomed back like a hero
Today we acknowledged
a really terrible lost
Cedric Diggory loses as you were
know...
Exceptionally hardworking
And most importantly...
A fierce. fierce friend
l think therefore you've the rite
to know exactly how he died
You see...
Cedric Diggory was murdered...
By Lord Voldemort
The ministry of magic doesn't wish me to tell you
But not to do so. i think it'll be
an insulting
But outta pain. we all feel what this
dreadful lost reminds me reminds us
We all may come from different
places and speak in different tongues
Our hearts beat as 1
The bond of friendship we've
made this year
Remember that. Cedric Diggory
won't die in vain
Remember that...
He was a boy who was kind and honest...
And brave...
True. righteous and brilliant
l never like these cartons
Set them on fire my forth year
l put you ''Eternal Avenger'' this year.
Harry
l'm sorry
Professor...
When l was in the graveyard
there was a moment...
...my mind sorta connected?
Priori Incantatum
You saw your parents that night.
didn't you?
They reappeared?
You know. spells can re awake
the death. Harry
Difficult times when l ahead...
Soon we must all face the choice
Doing what is right and what's easy
Remember this
You've friends here
You aren't alone
Hermione...
This's for you
Write to me. promise
Bye
Aurevoir Ron
Everything's gonna be
changed isn't it?
Yes
Of course you were right at something.
especially you
l was
Yeah. every way